hello in this video I will tell you
everything that you need to know about
the sealing ring now the instant pot
sealing ring is made from silicone
rubber compound which is more durable
than natural rubber based products it
can be used regularly for two to three
years without any problems at all this
sealing ring actually expands at high
temperatures which seals the gap between
the lid and the inner pot when the lid
is opened after cooking the sealing ring
is noticeably loose however after it
cools down or it's washed it will fit
snugly again now to clean or replace the
sealing ring is actually very simple all
you do is you grab the sealing ring and
pull on it and remove it like so very
easy very simple now when you replace
the sealing ring it doesn't matter
whether you just cleaned it or whether
it you're replacing it you simply put it
in the track and by the way it doesn't
matter whether you put it on this side
or you put it on this side the sealing
ring is identical on both sides so
simply what you do is you put it inside
the track okay and make sure that this
sealing ring rack right here fits inside
the track of the sealing ring and so you
just keep on pressing with your finger
all the way around making sure that it
is sitting very well in side the track
and you'll know that it's sitting well
because you'll be once it's sitting
where it's supposed to you'll be able to
grab the sealing ring and just spin it a
little bit inside the track and so then
you know that it's seated properly so
the only thing you need to remember
about the sealing ring keep it clean
make sure that it's properly inside the
track that's all there is to see Ling
Ling for more information please go to
instant pot comm